Disclaimer MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd Directors, its members and employees accept no liability for and give no undertakings concerning the accuracy,
completeness or fitness for purpose of the information provided. They take no responsibility for any loss, damage or injusry to persons which the user of the Fatigue
Calculator or any third party may suffer in relying on the information provided when making a decision affecting their interests. The information provided in this
document and through consultation with MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd is intended for general use only. It is not a definitive guide, does not constitute formal advice,
and does not take into consideration the particular circumstances and needs of your organisation. Every effort has been made to ensure the accuracy and
completeness of this document and all correspondence. MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd cannot be held responsible and extends no warranties as to the suitability of
the information in this dolcument or of the product for any particular purpose and for actions taken by third parties. No Representations or warranties are made by
UNISA as to the product performance or suitability, and UNISA shall not be liable for any claims or actions arising from use of the Product, which shall be at user's
own risk. You agree to indemnify and defend MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd and its associates against any liability (including losses, damages, fines and expenses)
arising as a direct or indirect consequence of use (or misuse) of FATIGUE CALCULATOR or derivate products thereof. MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd liability to you
for any breach of this agreement, or in connection with this agreement, shall be limited to repayment of the amounts whcih have been paid by you to MB Solutions
(Aust) Pty Ltd. MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd shall not be under any further liability to you in respect of any loss or damage (including consequential loss or damage)
however caused (whether by MB Solutions (Aust) Pty Ltd negligence or otherwise) which may be suffered or incurred or which may arise directly or indirectly in
respect of FATIGUE CALCULATOR or this agreement.